Deployment preparation: `AggregatorRouter` (#180)
balancer/balancer-deployments: v3/tasks/20250218-v3-aggregator-router/readme.md

# 2025-02-18 - V3 Aggregator Router

Aggregator Router deployment for V3.

> Contains `AggregatorRouter` for basic swap operations (exact in / exact out) where the sender pays the required amounts in upfront to the Vault, avoiding any kind of token approval requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains `AggregatorRouter` for basic swap operations (exact in / exact out) where the sender pays the required amounts to the Vault up front, avoiding any kind of token approval requirements.
```
